{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qc

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 How To Play\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 Overview:\
Minesweeper is a type of puzzle game that involves logic and a bit of luck. The game begins with a grid of blank cells, some of which are hiding a mine. The objective of the game is to place a flag (right click) over the location of each hidden mine as quickly as possible. Left clicks are risky as they reveal bombs, so if the player clicks on a bomb it's game over. If the player does not hit a bomb, it will reveal either a cell with a number, or a large span of blank cells with numbers at the edges. Once the player places a flag on every single mine, the game is won!!!\
Different types of cells:\
Unrevealed cell\

\f1 
\f0 \
This is what a cell looks like before it is clicked on. It could be hiding a bomb underneath!\
Revealed number cell\

\f1 
\f0 \
This cell has been clicked on, or has been triggered by a click. The number indicates how many bombs are next to the specific cell (in the case of the photo, only 1) in the 8 cells around the cell, forming a 3x3 grid.\'a0\
Revealed blank cell\

\f1 
\f0 \
When a player clicks on a cell with no bombs next to it, the cell appears like this. It also triggers all 8 neighboring cells to be clicked instantly and continues to do so until it reaches numbered cells.\
Flag\

\f1 
\f0 \
This is what it looks like when a player flags a cell. Place a flag if you believe there is a bomb under the cell!\
Bomb\

\f1 
\f0 \
If you see this, it means that you have clicked on a cell with a bomb, and the game is over. :(\
\
}